docs: restructuring and revitalizing guide docs (#914)
lockbook/lockbook: docs/guides/install/cli.md

# CLI Installing

## Package Managers

[Arch Linux](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/lockbook): `yay -S lockbook`

[MacOS](https://github.com/lockbook/homebrew-lockbook/blob/master/Formula/lockbook.rb): `brew tap lockbook/lockbook && brew install lockbook`

[Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/lockbook)

> ### Install from Snap Store More Securely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Verify snap package prior to installing it
```

> Snap does not check if a package was built by the publisher. As a result, there needs to be an alternative method
> to verify this. We have bundled this check into a single command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snap does not have a package signature verification method, you could download the snap and verify it using the command below, but future auto updates from snap will not continue to check that the package was authored by lockbook. For this reason, if the integrity of your packages is important, you should probably not use snap until they have integrity verification infrastructure in place.
```
